__TOC__
<!-- Grammar-driven MediaWiki fixture; all constructs are deliberately closed. -->
= Expedition Aurora =
'''Expedition Aurora''' is a fictional research voyage from [[Earth]] to [[Mars]].
The crew carries instruments labeled λ, 東京, 🚀, and 𝌆 for Unicode coverage.
See [https://example.org/aurora mission control] and RFC 9110 for background.

{{Short description|Interplanetary research expedition}}
{{Infobox spaceflight
| name = Expedition Aurora
| image = Aurora_launch.svg
| caption = ''Aurora'' leaving [[Low Earth orbit|LEO]]
| operator = {{Agency|name=Open Space Institute|country=International}}
| crew_size = {{{crew_size|6}}}
| launch_date = {{Start date|2042|03|14}}
| destination = [[Mars]]
| status = Active
}}

== Mission overview ==
The plan combines '''robotic scouting''' with ''human fieldwork''.
An optional argument appears as {{{motto|Per aspera ad astra}}}.
The localized title is -{zh-hans:曙光任务;zh-hant:曙光任務}-.
The archive identifier is ISBN 978-1-4028-9462-6 and the study is PMID 123456.

=== Objectives ===
* Survey the [[Jezero crater]] rim.
* Deploy {{nowrap|three weather stations}}.
** Station Alpha measures wind.
** Station Beta measures dust.
** Station Gamma measures radiation.
* Return sealed samples to orbit.
# Complete orbital checkout.
# Perform the transfer burn.
## Correct course at midpoint.
# Enter a polar science orbit.
; Primary goal : Map subsurface ice.
; Secondary goal : Test closed-loop agriculture.

=== Crew ===
{{Crew roster
| commander = [[Ada Okafor]]
| pilot = [[Lin Wei]]
| engineer = [[Sofía Núñez]]
| scientist = [[Ren Ito]]
| physician = [[Marek Nowak]]
| specialist = [[Noor Haddad]]
}}
Each profile uses a small nested template: {{Badge|role={{Role|science}}|color=blue}}.
The callsign is <nowiki>[[Aurora-1]] {{literal}}</nowiki>, not wiki markup.

== Flight plan ==
{| class="wikitable sortable" style="width:100%"
|+ Major mission events
! Day !! Phase !! Location !! Notes
|-
| 0 || Launch || [[Earth]] || Engines start at 06:30 UTC.
|-
| 1 || Checkout || LEO || Crew verifies {{abbr|ECLSS|life support}}.
|-
| 4 || Departure || Translunar space || Main burn lasts 18 minutes.
|-
| 92 || Approach || [[Mars]] || Optical navigation begins.
|-
| 97 || Arrival || Areocentric orbit || Science commissioning starts.
|}

=== Navigation model ===
The transfer approximation is <math>\Delta v = \sqrt{\mu/r_1}(\sqrt{2r_2/(r_1+r_2)}-1)</math>.
For a vector display, the page uses:
<math>
\vec{r}(t) = r_x(t)\hat{i} + r_y(t)\hat{j} + r_z(t)\hat{k}
</math>
Both math regions close before ordinary wikitext resumes.

=== Configuration sample ===
<syntaxhighlight lang="python" line="1">
from dataclasses import dataclass

@dataclass
class Burn:
    name: str
    delta_v: float

burns = [Burn("departure", 3.61), Burn("capture", 2.08)]
for burn in burns:
    print(f"{burn.name}: {burn.delta_v:.2f} km/s 🚀")
</syntaxhighlight>
The injected Python block is complete and explicitly terminated.

=== Telemetry schema ===
<syntaxhighlight lang="json">
{
  "vehicle": "Aurora",
  "active": true,
  "labels": ["λ", "東京", "🚀", "𝌆"],
  "position": {"x": 12.5, "y": -8.0, "z": 144.25}
}
</syntaxhighlight>
The JSON object and the syntax-highlighting tag are both closed.

== Scientific payload ==
{| class="wikitable"
|+ Instruments
! Instrument !! Team !! Measurement
|-
| AURORA-CAM || Imaging group || Multispectral panoramas
|-
| DUST-λ || Atmospheres group || Particle size and charge
|-
| RAD-𝌆 || Health physics || Dose equivalent
|-
| BIO-🚀 || Astrobiology group || Sealed culture response
|}

=== Sampling procedure ===
# Inspect the site with [[AURORA-CAM]].
# Mark a clean perimeter.
#* Keep exhaust vents downwind.
#* Record the local time.
# Drill to a depth of {{convert|12|cm}}.
# Seal the tube and attach a barcode.
# Place it in the return canister.

<ref name="protocol">Open Space Institute, ''Sample Handling Manual'', revision 7.</ref>
<ref name="unicode">Labels include BMP text 日本語 and astral text 🚀 𝌆.</ref>
The handling protocol is independently reviewed.<ref name="protocol" />

== Communications ==
Mission control publishes a daily bulletin at [https://status.example.org/aurora status.example.org].
Messages use {{lang|fr|« Bon voyage »}} and {{lang|ja|安全第一}} where appropriate.
Signal delay is reported with {{convert|8.4|minute|abbr=on}}.

<syntaxhighlight lang="xml">
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<message priority="normal">
  <from>Mission Control</from>
  <body>Telemetry nominal 🚀</body>
</message>
</syntaxhighlight>

=== Procedures ===
<nowiki>
Raw operator examples stay literal:
{{Abort|reason=demo}}
[[Category:Not really categorized]]
''not italic'' and <ref>not a real reference</ref>
</nowiki>
After the closing tag, [[Main Page|normal parsing]] resumes.

== Template documentation ==
<noinclude>
This section documents a hypothetical transclusion.
</noinclude>
<includeonly>
{{Mission status|state=active|vehicle=Aurora}}
</includeonly>
<onlyinclude>{{Purge date|{{CURRENTYEAR}}-{{CURRENTMONTH}}-{{CURRENTDAY2}}}}</onlyinclude>
<templatestyles src="Template:Aurora/styles.css" />

=== Data page ===
<templatedata>
{
  "description": "Mission card",
  "params": {
    "vehicle": {"label": "Vehicle", "type": "string", "required": true},
    "crew": {"label": "Crew", "type": "number", "default": 6}
  }
}
</templatedata>

=== Extension note ===
<%-- [META]
owner = #fixture-team#
purpose = #token coverage#
[META] --%>
The extension comment is closed before this sentence.

== Operations log ==
{| class="wikitable"
|+ Selected log entries
! Timestamp !! Subsystem !! Entry
|-
| 2042-03-14T06:30Z || Propulsion || Launch commit received.
|-
| 2042-03-15T09:10Z || Guidance || Star tracker aligned on Vega.
|-
| 2042-03-18T14:05Z || Thermal || Radiator loop stable at 286 K.
|-
| 2042-06-19T21:42Z || Communications || First Mars relay handshake.
|}

=== Shift checklist ===
* '''Guidance'''
** Compare inertial and optical solutions.
** Archive the residual plot.
* '''Life support'''
** Measure oxygen partial pressure.
** Inspect the water separator.
* '''Payload'''
** Synchronize instrument clocks.
** Downlink the priority queue.

== References and notes ==
The mission name honors dawn imagery in several languages.<ref>Editorial note with [[Dawn|an internal link]] and {{cite web|url=https://example.org/names|title=Naming guide}}.</ref>
An empty named citation may be reused here.<ref name="unicode" />
<references />

== See also ==
* [[Human mission to Mars]]
* [[Interplanetary transport network]]
* [https://example.org/data Open mission data]

== External metadata ==
<graph>
{
  "version": 2,
  "width": 320,
  "height": 180,
  "data": [{"name": "timeline", "values": [{"day": 0}, {"day": 97}]}]
}
</graph>

----
Last reviewed by [[User:FixtureEditor|Fixture Editor]] ~~~~~
__NOEDITSECTION__
[[Category:Fictional space missions]]
[[Category:Grammar fixtures]]
